Documentation: update service_endpoints description in subnet doc (#21342)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/subnet.html.markdown

-> **NOTE:** In order to deploy a Private Link Service on a given subnet, you must set the `private_link_service_network_policies_enabled` attribute to `false`. This setting is only applicable for the Private Link Service, for all other resources in the subnet access is controlled based on the Network Security Group which can be configured using the `azurerm_subnet_network_security_group_association` resource.

* `service_endpoints` - (Optional) The list of Service endpoints to associate with the subnet. Possible values include: `Microsoft.AzureActiveDirectory`, `Microsoft.AzureCosmosDB`, `Microsoft.ContainerRegistry`, `Microsoft.EventHub`, `Microsoft.KeyVault`, `Microsoft.ServiceBus`, `Microsoft.Sql`, `Microsoft.Storage`, `Microsoft.Storage.Global` and `Microsoft.Web`.

> -> **NOTE:** In order to use `Microsoft.Storage.Global` service endpoing (it allows access to virtual networks in other regions), you must enable `AllowGlobalTagsForStorage` feature in your subscription. Presently, enabling access to virtual networks in other regions is preview future [access to virtual networks in other regions](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/common/storage-network-security?tabs=azure-cli#enabling-access-to-virtual-networks-in-other-regions-preview).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-> **NOTE:** In order to use `Microsoft.Storage.Global` service endpoint (which allows access to virtual networks in other regions), you must enable the `AllowGlobalTagsForStorage` feature in your subscription. This is currently a preview feature, please see the [official documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/storage/common/storage-network-security?tabs=azure-cli#enabling-access-to-virtual-networks-in-other-regions-preview) for more information.
```
